probably is definitely shift as you move through your career. And he it
is a balance you learn to balance is really what it comes down to
in your professional life. Things change and your personal life things
change. You get married, you have kids. Um, professionally, you become
responsible for more and more things or people. Uh, so your priority
becomes less about you and Maura about the people that are working
for you or the people that you associate yourself with and you,
and it's not just simply taking care of everybody, but at the same
time, you need to be able to offer an appropriate work life balance.
Because if you're not doing okay, if you're if you're not prioritizing
yourself in some way, shape or form, you're it's gonna be detrimental
to everybody that's working for you or as well as everybody that's
associated with you personally that rely on you. Okay, so, uh,
priorities definitely shift, um, into to summarize. Specifically, they
shift in a way that you become more focused on the people that work
for you as opposed to yourself. But then you also have to keep in
mind that priority of yourself so that you don't get so run down that
you can't effectively lead your subordinates